Hi, guys.
Welcome.
That last lecture we created is function.
We forgot password generator.
We said we want to send the password.
We sent link to the user.
If only the email address is not empty.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture, we're going to call this function more like a network.
Now, before they ask you to do this right, ask you to implement this function, like put it to work,
okay?
If you are not able to do it for some reasons, it is fine.
I believe in consistency.
I believe as we continue to do it, you're going to master the process.
Okay.
Now before we move on to the focus on small screen, what we can as well is over here.
If the.
If the password we said because we sense to the user that is a user associated email address we as well
order prints.
So just to the screen so you can separate your.
Your.
Password.
Well, we can't just.
A recent switch said link was then sent to.
Your email.
Okay.
Great.
So now going to call this function.
Now to do this, I'm going to go to the.
Forget password.
Screen right now.
They're not to have access to the value.
They're going to create the controller.
So there.
They're going to have a controller.
So there's going to be finer than you can call this email.
Control.
It's going to be quite a test.
Editing.
Controller.
Okay.
Now we can also specify a type.
It just.
It's it's in control.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to bind this to the field, so you're going to go to get the types in value.
So there's going to be controller.
So in there.
The tests failed.
Right.
So this ability controller is going to be on this email controller.
So it is listed for the user inputs.
Okay.
Now.
What are going to do next is.
They're going to create a function which have seen before.
So we can see.
For God's.
Password.
I saw it.
Okay.
Now, looking to pass into a sink or a.
Then you're going to say what's?
Controller call it, then it's going to be forgot.
We've got password rights.
Okay.
For the email.
It is going to be on this call.
On this email.
Controller.
But yes, that's a good value.
Okay, great.
Now we can store the results in a variable call address.
It's going to be a type of drink.
Then we can't wait for it.
Okay.
I know you've seen this before, right?
Now what they're going to do next is we are going to check.
If there is error or not.
So we can't use the delay.
We can't say if race is equal.
They're just going to say is equal to success.
Okay.
Remarkable for raising, not equal.
So they're going to say equal to success.
If it is equal to success, then also it's on.
A show.
Snow.
What it contains.
You can just see.
Link has been sent to the email address.
Okay.
Now you can see we have in this era what you can just do to avoid this.
I'm going to switch to the stateful widgets.
And what are these control dots?
Okay.
Switch to convert substitutions.
Grades.
The semicolon.
Okay.
Now if there is a sequel to success or to say, see lick as we've said, or to provide this number which
is give to say link as with sense to your to the.
Email address.
Else.
The retired slugger is retired.
Snack bar.
Sure is.
Sure.
Snack bar.
For the contents.
There's going to be research a chance to hear a.
Okay, Control, this is safe.
Okay, so it is basically it.
Now we're going to use this formula which we created.
Right.
So we're going to go to the first all as what's in digital rights.
It's.
Think so?
Okay.
So we'll take a step further out of this with a in.
So when this contract does.
The apple tree gets the happiness rates equal because you rub this with something known as the gesture
tic tac toe which is similar to the inkwell.
Get a Zelda or to.
Can I just get rid of this uncle for God's?
Forgot password and that's all.
Get rid of this sketch just now to save.
So this is basically.
It's.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can just also start this year not to send it out to save others and save twice.
Okay.
Now they're going to try to.
Click on the forgot password.
Okay.
Now, again, I'm going to try to give him the address of a.
Let's think.
Cali.
Families.
I don't really know if have this.
In the ashes as she sits in the knockouts.
That's come back for God.
Bless it.
I don't think this is clickable.
It's.
Okay.
I'm just going to check my stamina.
A network error occurred.
Okay.
Now think about network issues.
What this is going to work for you now after this probably is going to say no user no user record found
it's with the email address is not associated to any accounts.
So I'm just going to try to on the will.
Well for dinner.
I think I'm having the talk issues.
Well, it's definitely it is going to work out.
So what we're going to do is we're going to try this yourself.
So make sure you put in the address that is associated to any of your accounts.
Right.
I think I click this many times, which is why that's why this is popping out so many times.
Okay, so now you're gonna add anything address associated to account, then you're going to check your
email.
Okay.
Now I'm going to try to do this behind the scene.
If there's any error, we can just do to get about.
Hopefully there's never to be any here or.
I think this is perfect.
Okay.
So you're going to try to do this yourself now?
You're going to try to test it out.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.